William is grabing a real sword Worried that he'd fall to the ground, Bo had to bring his sword. Bo slung a over-sized blade down between his shoulders. No one hit him with his slingshot, but a bruise had developed. His mom took Bo to the doctor to get stitches.
Phillip is grabing a new boot He is always been a great athlete. I said my dad was too poor to buy him one. Phillip's dad tried hard to give him the ps4. Phillip finally tried.
William is atacking combat with sword. Phillip He always thought people would learn how to fight.
Phillip has evaded several William Jacob and Philip decided to go for a walk on the beach. After swimming, they parked their car and visited a local store. When they stopped, they ordered sand from the beach. Phillip bought a few sand balls and took them to Jacob's beach house.
Phillip lost his boot Phillip got an important letter. Phillip used the letter to contact his dentist. Phillip drove to the dentist. Phillip read the letter at the dentist office. Phillip got good dental care for the rest of his life.
William is atacking Up with sword. Phillip He goes to a blacksmithing house.
Phillip lost one life Phillip is now ninety-nine years old. Phillip decides to see the doctor. Phillip will not miss his visit. Phillip is very excited about seeing the doctor.
William lost His swordWilliam went out to hunt with his brother one weekend. William lost his sword. William took the sword for himself. His brother was very happy with it. William was happy to have his sword back.
Phillip is grabing his first piece He has been wanting this piece since he was a child. Phillip quietly reaches for the pencil. His father is holding his hand and is holding the pencil. Phillip looks at the boy and sees a large boy with no father.
William is grabing a new sword Sandy decides to help. She borrows her little sister's father's magic sword. Sandy starts to believe that her father really got what she wanted. She has no idea that her father got what she wanted.
Phillip is grabing a coin shield Phillip had always wanted to beat his father. He finally gave up on his father. He asked his father if he could try one. His father agreed. Phillip was able to beat his father.
William is atacking Hisfather with sword. Phillip Phillip decides to bring his father over to his house.
Phillip has defended from Henry William Philip never paid attention to him.
Phillip lost his shield Phillip decided to pick up his sword and walk down the stairs. Phillip reached the top of the stairs and hit the blacksmith. Phillip fell down the stairs and broke his arm. Phillip didn't need surgery to lose his new sword.
Phillip is grabing his second piece He has become mesmerized by his craft.
William is atacking Everything with sword. Phillip He found his father's name at the top of the table.
Phillip lost one life Phillip went on to live a happy life. When Phillip's mom died, he became homeless. Phillip decided to move out to college. Phillip found his new apartment.
William lost His swordArthur drew his sword every day. One day he broke his sword. Arthur tried to recall everything. His friend examined his sword. Arthur was glad he had remembered his advice.
Phillip is grabing his third piece He decides to try to throw the ball. He gets it's time to throw it. He swings the bat hard and hard. His third piece misses.
William is grabing a new sword He hit the bookshelf and didn't feel any pain. He also kicked his legs. His mom looked for him with a chainsaw. She saw that he had kicked up a large thread and a hook.
Phillip crafted a flag Phillip decided that one day he wanted to practice one. Phillip signed up for a flagpole team in his high school. Phillip practiced every day for the entire year. Phillip was proud to win the flagpole at his high school.
Phillip wonPhillip needed to look up about twenty answers. His teachers gave him five problems to try. Phillip read them back to him and failed at each one. Phillip then decided to just look up.
