William is grabing a new sword William talks to the military man. He is invited to join them at a war hospital. William joins the arms race. William and the other soldiers fight for an hour.
Phillip is grabing his first piece Phillip accidently dipped his foot in a bucket of water. Phillip bent over and held his foot up on the ceiling. He then held the bucket with one hand while holding the other. Phillip landed on his foot and it shattered.
William is atacking Break with sword. Phillip His father had put all his toys and sports away.
Phillip lost one life Phillip got shot by the police. Phillip had a strange dream. He got in his car and drove to town. Phillip made it to town in time for the police.
William lost His swordAfter fighting a lot, Sam started to lose his ability to throw. One day his father was supposed to take care of him. Sam was shoving himself as much as he could. When his father came home, they both had a new pair of swords.
Phillip is grabing a baseball shield Phillip swings and kicks. But he misses the head-on hit. He falls off the baseball and hurt his head. His mother is horrified and posts a tribute online.
William is grabing a baseball swordWilliam has a black eye.
Phillip is grabing a second piece He opened it, picked it, and pressed the power button. A loud knock on the door woke him up. He got out of bed, and realized that he lost his keys. He ran home and changed into his spare keys.
William is atacking In with sword. Phillip Phillip does his best to stay ahead of the game.
Phillip has broken his shield He is standing on the edge with his injured arm.
Phillip lost his shield Phillip had the losing and hope. His school brought him to the lost and found. Phillip sat in the lost and hope. He became the best basketball player of his class.
Phillip lost one life He stood at the crosswalk waiting for the news anchor to deliver. He waited patiently, feeling upward, as he awaited. Suddenly a flash of lightning struck down. Phillip and his life depended on his decision.
William lost The swordWilliam was spelunking for a moment and brought his sword to the leader. The leader made it difficult for William to see him. William noticed another man in the crowd yelling his name. William's teacher saw what the other man was saying and tutored him.
William is grabing a new sword William felt great excitement and excitement about his sword. He found the perfect black sword and set it on his bed. His mom rode into the room to let him borrow the sword. He opened the box and found a ten thousand dollar bill.
Phillip is grabing a goldfish bootPhillip was on his way home from the beach. The horse came by and pulled a piece off the hole. The fish bit the hole in half. Phillip scraped his foot on the beach.
William is atacking Heathrops with sword. Phillip He has taken years to have a proper treatment.
Philip did not like evade He decided to try driving a car without a map. He decided to visit a national park. He found his first car in the park. Phillip decided he would never do that again.
Phillip lost one life Philip convinced a friend to find him, a friend called his name. Philip's friend showed him around, as usual. They walked home to the strange place. At the end of the day Philip told his friend the news.
Phillip diedPhillip's mother was very grumpy. One day, Phillip went to a party and was a little drunk. Phillip drank too much, so he rushed to the hospital. Phillip died at the hospital because he was drunk. Phillip's mother is very happy that Phillip passed away.
William wonA New Pet
Bill loved animals. He wanted a pet and decided to get a puppy. He went to the pound and looked for a puppy. He liked him a lot, and decided to name him after his favorite animal. Bill loved his new pet and he was happy with it.
